very minor docs update (#17117)
netdata/netdata: docs/maintenance/backup-restore.md

   Backing up the Agent configuration and Identity folders is straight-forward as they should not be changing very frequently.

3. Using a backup tool such as `tar` you will need to run the backup as _root_ or as the _netdata_ user in order to access all the files in the directories.
   
   ```
   sudo tar -cvpzf netdata_backup.tar.gz /etc/netdata/ /var/cache/netdata /var/lib/netdata
   ```
   

>    Stopping the Netdata agent is mostly required in order to back up the _database files_ of the Netdata Agent.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Stopping the Netdata agent is typically necessary to back up the database files of the Netdata Agent.
```

> If you wish to minimize the gap in metrics caused by stopping the Netdata Agent, then you could have a backup job or script that uses the following sequence:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to minimize the gap in metrics caused by stopping the Netdata Agent, consider implementing a backup job or script that follows this sequence:
```
